Project Darkstar Java Client SDK Distribution
Version ${sgs-client.version}

INTRODUCTION

Project Darkstar lets developers write scalable, reliable, persistent
and fault-tolerant game server applications using simple
single-threaded, event-driven code.

This distribution of the Project Darkstar Java Client SDK contains everything
you need to develop and run game clients that communicate with each
other and with game servers implemented with the Project Darkstar
Server.  The Project Darkstar Server is available as a separate
download.

See the CHANGELOG file for a summary of recent changes, and the
API-CHANGES file for a detailed list of recent changes to the API.

CONTENTS

This distribution contains the following subdirectories:

- doc
  Documentation for the client API

- lib
  JAR files needed to develop and run client applications
	
- tutorial
  Documentation and sample code for the client tutorial

SUPPORTED PLATFORMS

This distribution has been tested on the following operating systems and
processors:

- Solaris(TM) 10 Operating System on SPARC processors and AMD 64-bit
  processors
- Windows XP SP2 on 32-bit processors
- Redhat Linux EL4 on 32-bit processors
- Mac OS X 10.5 on PowerPC and Intel processors

This distribution requires Java(TM) 2 Platform Standard Edition 5.0 or
greater.

It has been tested with version 1.5.0_17 of the J2SE(TM) Runtime
Environment 5.0 on Solaris, Windows, and Linux platforms, and version
1.5.0_16 on Mac OS X platforms.

DEVELOPING AND RUNNING

To develop or run clients, include the following JAR file in your
classpath:

   lib/sgs-client.jar


KNOWN ISSUES

This version of the Project Darkstar Java Client SDK has the following
limitations:

- This release supports only limited I/O throttling, so it is possible
  for clients to overwhelm the server with network traffic and cause the
  server to run out of memory.  As a temporary workaround, developers
  must ensure that clients do not send network traffic faster than the
  server application can process it.


MORE INFORMATION

For more information, please see the tutorial in the tutorial directory
and the documentation in the doc directory.  Also check the
http://www.projectdarkstar.com website, which has links to more
information and to the Project Darkstar forums.

If you cannot find an answer to your question in any of these places,
please email the Darkstar team at:

   dev@games-darkstar.dev.java.net
