Sun Game Server Software Development Kit
Version @VERSION@

INTRODUCTION

The Sun Game Server (SGS) is a system that enables developers to write
scalable, reliable, persistent and fault-tolerant game server
applications using simple single-threaded, event-driven code.

This kit contains everything you need to develop game servers that run
as applications in the SGS environment, and clients that communicate
with these servers and each other.

In addition to the documents, APIs and examples, this kit contains a
complete single-system version of the Sun Game Server.  The APIs in this
version are the same as those that will be included in the full-scale,
multi-node version of the system, which will be released in the
future. The current system allows development of games that run on a
single server. The server system will make use of the multi-threading
capabilities of that server when they are available.

CONTENTS

The SGS Software Development Kit (SDK) contains the following
subdirectories:

- doc
   All the documentation for the SGS except the tutorials

- lib
   JAR files and native libraries needed to develop for the SGS, and to
   run the server and client apps

- tutorial
   Documentation and sample code for the two SGS tutorials
	
SUPPORTED PLATFORMS

The SDK has been tested on the following operating systems and
processors:

- Solaris 10 on SPARC processors and AMD 64-bit processors
- Windows XP SP2 on 32-bit processors
- Redhat Linux EL4 on 32-bit processors
- Mac OS X 10.4 on PowerPC and Intel processors

The SDK requires Java(tm) 2 Platform Standard Edition 5.0 or greater.

It has been tested with version 1.5.0_11 of the J2SE(tm) Runtime
Environment 5.0 on Solaris, Windows, and Linux platforms, and version
1.5.0_07 on Mac OS X platforms.

The SDK requires Berkeley DB version 4.5.20.  The distribution includes
builds of version 4.5.20 for all supported platforms.  Berkeley DB is
highly portable; you can obtain and compile it for unsupported
platforms.

DEVELOPING AND RUNNING

To develop or run clients, include the following JAR file in your
classpath:

   lib/sgs-client.jar

To develop server applications, include the following JAR file in your
classpath:

   lib/sgs.jar

To run the SGS server:

1. Change to the directory containing the SGS installation, or set the
   SGSHOME environment variable to the installation directory and
   include that directory in your path

2. On Windows, type:

   sgs <path to application classes> <path to application config file>

   On all other systems, type:

   sgs.sh <path to application classes> <path to application config file>

   For example, to run the tutorial's HelloWorld example when running on
   Windows, assuming the SGSHOME environment variable is set to the
   installation directory, that directory is included in your path, and
   your working directory is the tutorial subdirectory of the
   installation directory, type:

   sgs tutorial.jar HelloWorld.properties

KNOWN ISSUES

This version of the SDK only supports single node operation.

MORE INFORMATION

For more information, please see the tutorials in the tutorial directory
and the documentation in the docs directory.  Also check the
http://www.projectdarkstar.com website, which has links to more
information and to the Project Darkstar forums.

See the CHANGELOG file for a list of changes.

If you cannot find an answer to your question in any of these places,
please email the Darkstar team at:

   ProjectDarkstar@games.dev.java.net
